Thank you for joining us tonight for prayer.
We're going to go over the things the Lord showed us in the last video on Friday night.
We have a lot to share, so I'll try to make it as quick as possible so we can pray longer tonight over our nation.
Passover is coming April 1st.
I found out April 1st is Passover, and we've been praying because the Lord kept saying to pray over Passover.
April Fool's Day, which is really wild because April 1st is Passover.
Kind of strange, kind of different.
Here we are.
Good evening, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
Let's go over some of the things that we have seen in the news over the last 48 hours or so, and then we're going to talk about what the Lord showed us in the video back on Friday night.
Braden said there were some cool things that happened.
I don't know what you found, but I have to get that.
Well, I'll just talk while you get everything ready so we can flow.
In the last video, the Lord showed us a lot of stuff.
I am praying for the nations and I'll start off with this: I saw Japan helping in the days ahead with pressure to help out with the strait, to help out with the security over the oil and all the assets, trying to be a buddy to the United States of America.
And I saw the Boomer Sooner covered wagon.
If you follow OU football, they have the Boomer Schooner wagon.
It says Oklahoma Sooners on it.
It's a white covered wagon led by horses.
The horses run around every time they make a touchdown at the home games for OU.
Well, I saw Sooners again over Japan concerning their economy.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
We see in part, but I know that this represents something significant with the Sooner wagon.
It's interesting because it is something we're familiar with from OU.
We love you.
Then I saw them getting battleships and going down towards where they need to help us out with the Strait.
But as they were doing this, I saw a plan being orchestrated like a puppet master: Xi Jinping, North Korea, Russia, and I believe Vietnam in the background.
They were devising a plan to take over Taiwan.
As I was watching them, they were targeting strategic allies of Taiwan: Japan, South Korea, and Australia.
People were standing in the gap for Taiwan.
I could see them trying to come up with a plan to take Taiwan again.
When this happened, I saw a major attack against our computer chips and our medical supplies concerning certain medications that come out of China, trying to create a shortage when they try to take Taiwan.
I could still see a covering of prayer.
This is what I am trying to tell you all as we keep praying for Taiwan to sustain it in prayer.
I am believing for a major revival in Asia.
I could see them devising a plan for the computer chips.
As I was looking at Europe, I could see Macron, and he was talking in meetings about helping out with the Strait and the war going on with Iran.
He said, 'He made his bed; now let him lie in it.
' He was talking to the other nations, including England, Italy, and Germany.
They were saying, 'They've made their bed; now let them lie in it.
' I saw them talking to the Democratic Party to devise a plan to make Trump look foolish concerning the midterms.
'How do we get him impeached?
How do we get him overthrown?
' concerning the midterms in November.
They would want the House and the Senate.
I saw certain key Democratic faces asking, 'How do we get our stronghold back that we're losing?
' But as this happened, I saw a splitting of America, a dividing of the red and the blue with a civil war trying to break out on our shores.
Agenda 2030 was the main push for a new global order.
Trump was a log in the road concerning Agenda 2030.
They wanted to remove the log so that they could push their agenda concerning our downfall, with social credit scores and things like that, where you are not able to live free.
They are targeting gun laws for the Second Amendment, trying to put great restraints on it, because as the Second Amendment goes, so goes America and its stability.
You might say, 'Well, that should bring more security and stability.
' No, that is what they are afraid of when you have a bunch of rednecks with AR-15s and semi-automatic weapons.
You realize that they are their own army.
There are enough backwoods brothers here who have enough to support the United States military for a long time with rounds of ammunition.
That is why we have never been invaded—because we have a backup to the backup.
We are the backup to the military.
You're not going to come into our towns with a Red Dawn in the middle of Oklahoma.
Try that in some little town in Oklahoma; good luck.
They won't make it out.
I can assure you most families have ten firearms.
You're just not going to do that, especially in Kansas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Missouri, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Kentucky, and Tennessee.
I saw that dividing of America trying to create civil war and unrest.
As I was looking in the spirit again, I saw weather manipulation and modification.
We were praying against weather manipulation concerning the major drought.
The Lord brought it up to me all day: 'Brandon, speak to the drought tonight.
Speak to the rain.
Call the rain to come forth.
' For as they try to control the weather, they will lose control.
Most people say, 'Brandon, that is some wild stuff.
I don't think there's any validation to it.
' Then they see it in the news.
Today, we see articles that Braden or someone found.
Show this: 'CIA accused of poisoning the sky with toxins as files expose secret weather control agenda.
' A secret weather control agenda—isn't that interesting?
Since March 17th, we've been talking about weather manipulation and weather warfare.
As they try to gain control, they will lose control.
I saw superstorms coming with the strongest winds and largest hail.
They will have to make a new category of tornado because Category 5 will not be big enough.
The tornadoes will start to become out of control.
Here is another one: 'CIA's 1965 declassified files expose weather war weapon, igniting RFK Jr.
's fight to halt sky toxins.
' So they were planning this in 1965.
Interesting.
So here we are in 2026.
How much have they perfected what they were trying to implement in 1965 and 2026?
What have they perfected?
I guarantee you a lot.
That article just came out on March 18th.
So what we are seeing in the spirit over the last year—and I've told you concerning weather manipulation, weather modification, things concerning hurricanes, mega storms, downbursts, droughts, and mega rains in some areas, and droughts so bad that they'll not even have crops that are working because they've genetically modified seeds—I said, 'You'll have fields that are completely barren because the crops won't grow that year because they've messed with them so much.
' I told you all you need to prepare.
This is what we're praying about.
I have to say all this is what I believe the Lord has shown me and my opinion.
When I see that they are declassifying stuff, saying, 'Hey, this is it.
Declassified.
Look over here.
Remember, look over here.
' This isn't big news anymore to us.
We're trying to hide it from over here.
We don't want you to see it over here because we're doing something over here.
But now we can show you what we're doing over here because this isn't the big deal; this over here is the big deal.
I said what will happen in the days ahead will be weather warfare between governments, and they will use portals and CERN and demonic things.
I said they're scanning these tablets with AI and quantum computing to create tunnels in the spirit realm, demonic portals to bring forth a satanic agenda through witchcraft and things that are very dark.
This is what we've been praying over.
But now, as we see them say, 'Look over here, this is declassified,' what I tell you is a file.
I said, 'They're going to open the file and they're going to start to share their secret things.
' It's just been a couple of days.
So, this happened this week.
Everything the Lord tells us is coming to pass in bits and pieces: we see in part, hear in part, but the part we're hearing, we're seeing.
Not all of it, I believe.
People say, 'Well, Brandon, do you feel like you can control things through prayer?
As the body of Christ, do you believe you can stop things through prayer?
' With all my heart, we're the bride of Christ.
We are the salt of this earth.
As he is, so are we in this world.
Whenever he said, 'You will raise up a million-man and woman prayer army throughout the world,' create seven different channels.
We've done it, and Braden is working as hard and as fast as he can to raise up these channels all throughout the world, translating them.
That is what he worked on all last night—translating these videos into different languages, getting them ready to release to the nations so that they can help pray with us and understand what we're saying.
It takes a lot of work.
He's very busy.
He spends hours and hours doing this.
Last night he was up until early in the morning working.
Finally, I came in and said, 'You've got to go to bed.
You can't do this anymore.
You've got to take care of yourself and have sleep.
' He said, 'Daddy, these people need to know.
They need to know what's coming.
These other nations, Daddy, need to know.
' I understand that, but we're one team.
God will raise up more people.
I'm so thankful for a son who is as dedicated as Braden is.
He's a hard worker and a good kid.
Paisley's good, too; she's probably watching.
Paisley helps out with cooking and all kinds of little stuff because Mama is trying to do things with her eBay and Poshmark.
We're running 90 miles an hour, but we're so thankful for every single one of you that tune in and pray with us, taking this time seriously, praying for my family and protection.
I told them we're talking about it tonight.
There's nobody else that has the guts—to be polite—to come on here and say what we say.
We get criticized, but nobody has the guts to come on here and say what we say by the spirit of God and warn you of that which is to come.
We have a bunch of cowards in the body of Christ because they don't want to say things.
'What if you're wrong?
' If I'm wrong, I'll come out right now and tell you I've missed it.
If I miss it, I repent and we keep walking.
All of us have a tendency to miss it.
Nobody's perfect.
I'm not here to put on a show for you and be a Hollywood celebrity Christian.
Nobody here is trying to be a celebrity.
The Lord said, 'You'll be known throughout the world, Brandon, in the days ahead.
Enjoy this time.
Enjoy what I've been doing with you right now because it's about to accelerate to another level.
' When you have government agencies and law enforcement watching you—hello, everybody, we're glad you're here from special groups—that's all I will say.
We're so thankful that you take us seriously and watch us.
I know for a fact that I've been told Eric Trump watches, some of the boys.
I've heard Don watches me before, but I don't think he watches me all the time.
But I'm so thankful that we have people in and close to government and celebrities who watch us, and we give all the glory to God.
I believe in these last days, accuracy will be important.
I have seen lots of fertilizer in the back of vans and semi-trucks and things concerning Timothy McVeigh.
I still believe this exists.
From the things I have heard, you need to pray over this.
This is a very serious topic.
When we were praying last time, I told you I saw drones attacking our oil facilities with C4.
The Lord specifically said, 'Pray over Tuttle.
Pray over Louisiana.
Pray over the Houston area.
Pray over the areas that have major oil refineries and gas production facilities in America.
' As President Trump has said, 'In the next 48 hours, if you do not open up the Strait, we will attack all your facilities: electric, natural gas, all of it.
We're going to eradicate you.
' I told you what the spirit of the Lord said.
By the time this is over, they will be put back into the Stone Age with their electric, infrastructure, and all of their stuff.
It will be a wound that will not be fatal because they will participate in Ezekiel 38 and 39 in the days ahead.
This is all biblical.
What did the Lord say?
All this was happening so that Donald Trump would liberate the people of Iran so they could have a major revival from a dictatorship.
He said, 'I'm going to liberate Cuba.
I'm going to liberate Venezuela.
' And he said, 'I personally will take care of North Korea.
' So we pray for our brothers and sisters in North Korea.
The Lord said, 'I will deal with Kim Jong-un like I did Pharaoh.
I will shake the nation.
I will shake Kim Jong-un and his family.
' I truly believe that God loves the North Korean people.
God loves the Asian people.
He loves us all.
But I'm telling you, they have been underneath that boot of a tyrant, Kim Jong-un.
I believe with all my heart that God himself is going to liberate the people of North Korea.
He said, "I have not forgotten you.
I have not forgotten the people of North Korea.
I have not forgotten you.
Your prayers are coming before my throne.
" And I believe with all my heart, we're about to see the people of North Korea have a window of revival just like all these others.
Why?
Because God doesn't want that any man should perish, but all come to repentance.
And we are in the last of the seconds of the last of the last days.
And as we were praying tonight for revival in China, revival in all these major nations that have never seen revival like they should, we're calling it forth and we're believing for this major outpouring for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
And I believe we're going to see signs and wonders follow them that believe.
But it will not just be these miracles that you saw.
Well, this lady had a hangnail and she got prayer.
Nothing wrong with having a hangnail, but we're going to see miracles that nobody can deny—signs and wonders that nobody is going to be able to say, "I don't believe it.
" God's going to raise the dead.
The Lord is going to part the sea for this generation.
And he said, "I'm going to show up and I'm going to show off to this generation.
" But what was the thing he said the most?
"I'm bringing down racial walls.
I'm breaking dividing walls throughout the nations.
And you will function as brothers and sisters without racial tension.
" There will be—like most people say, "Well, you know, there's an African-American church, there's a white church, there's a Hispanic church, there's an Asian church.
" He said He's going to mix them all up together, and everybody's going to be one family moving as a body, and we're not going to have our petty differences anymore.
The Lord's not coming back for a whipped church; He's coming back for a glorious church.
And the Lord said, "I'm bringing down racial walls in my church.
" And this is not just concerning color of skin, but concerning, "Well, you're Catholic, I'm charismatic and you know, you're Baptist," and we don't fellowship with each other because we have differences of opinion.
And the Lord said, "I'm bringing all those walls down, too.
" And he said, "Remember in war times where everybody came together in World War II to make America work, make America great again, whatever?
Everybody joined together with one mission.
The women helped out in the factories.
The kids did something.
Everybody had something to help out to make America stay afloat.
" And the Lord said, "What's coming is great persecution against my bride, my church, Brandon, but in this you will see everybody come together and you'll see the walls that have divided you be no more.
And you'll be—I don't really care.
You believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost or not, I don't care.
Let's just all join together and witness until it's all hands on deck.
" You're going to see a major revival that will be all hands on deck.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And the Lord told us as we were praying tonight, we were praying, interceding for a major move of God, a major harvest of souls, for this youth building that we're building at our church, getting it around, getting the things ready.
I saw them breaking ground.
We've been waiting for I can't tell you how long.
Since last July, we've been praying and giving to that and believing God for that.
And today to drive by it and see that the ground is being broken and that the city finally let it go.
The city fought us and fought us for where we were going to put that building and now we're getting breakthrough in this.
And the Lord said, "Do you see that football field over there?
" There's a high school football field.
He said, "Do you see that football field, Brandon?
There's a young man that's going to come over and he's going to get radically saved and he's going to be reaching the nations for me.
" I've interceded for that forever.
But to see the ground broken tonight, I said, "Do you see first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation?
" But we had the city come against us so hard in that area.
They said, "We don't want to build in there.
" The neighbors, everybody—it's like an act of Congress just to build a youth facility because you got Sister Clipboard over there saying, "We don't want that over here.
We don't want these kids over here.
" And it's terrible.
But finally, the favor of God, you get the finance.
And we believe we do it debt-free.
There's things that you just keep reaching out for, and you know that God has called you for such a time as this.
And I said, "Raising up these buildings, doing what God's called us to do because we have to have it done before this major revival starts.
We have to have all this done.
" And it was even amazing.
There's a field next to where we attend.
And I always told them, I said, "I see a parking lot over there, but that field is not for sale.
" Well, the city bought that field and they said they're going to build a school there and they're paving the whole thing with asphalt and concrete for a parking lot.
Didn't cost the church a dime.
I just thought, in my mind I'm thinking that's going to cost millions of dollars to get all it done.
But God comes through a different way.
And I was in shock as I look at the parking lot being paved right now.
They're working on it.
And I told them when I first went there because the Lord said, "In a two-year window, you're going to pray here and there's going to be a great revival break forth and they'll be lined up down the road.
" I said, "Lord, where are they going to park?
" He said, "Over there.
" I said, "Well, we got to buy that field.
" But me thinking so small, God goes and has the city build a school there and they're paving the parking lot right now for us.
And I said, "We didn't spend a dime.
The taxpayers did and they got it all done for the school.
But when the school's not going on at night, maybe they'll let us rent it.
I don't know.
" But I thought, "Isn't that amazing that it's going to be an elementary school or whatever, but it's already getting paved.
It's a parking lot.
" But I thought, "God, you have a way of providing and you're a way maker.
" He's a way maker, but you can't put him in your little box thinking you have to operate in this area.
And then you got the youth facility across and in the red zone.
You got the football stadium that God has had over there on Friday nights.
All the kids come over and instead of going doing drugs and sleeping around, they come over and have free pizza and Cokes and stuff and they keep out of trouble and it keeps the crime rate down.
They're having revival with these youth just by having something across the street from the football stadium and a place for them to go that's an alternative.
And I said, "This is what it's about, being the salt.
" But it's exciting to see things come to pass today.
As I was praying, I've been interceding for things and saying, "There's the parking lot, and this is the building that the devil has tried to stop.
" I said, "You got to let it go.
" And the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm going to do something major.
I'm going to do something major.
" And when you see in part here, in part there, you think it's going to be that next month, two months, three months.
But now is the year of 1 Corinthians 5:5, getting the church ready for the bride getting ready.
He said, "Are you ready for the harvest?
You're my harvesters.
You're my closures.
You are the closers.
This generation is the closers.
Are you ready for the fruit for the babies that are coming?
Be patient with my babies.
" And as he said, "Stretch forth your net.
" When we had that Satanist get saved in this last video—or two videos ago—he emailed and said, "I was in the cult.
" How long did you say he was in the cult for?
I don't know; it was a long time.
I believe Diana has the email.
And the Lord said, "Reach out.
Love on the Satanist.
Love on the people that are so lost.
They just need help.
They need freedom.
" And he got born again, and we were so excited about that.
Could you read it if you find it again?
She gets an average—and no exaggeration—of over 10,000 emails a day, so she has to scan through a lot of them because some of them email seven times in a time frame and they spam the thing.
We're so thankful for the ones that are trying to help find news articles and everything, but there's a lot of people who email a lot.
But okay, so as we saw that, what else did we see?
B, you stopped at warfare.
Weather warfare.
But I know that I was talking about what I said about what we saw in the last video.
You saw Agenda 2030.
I saw Agenda 2030.
I saw a noose around humans, or whatever, to control them—trying to control the people with a noose in America so that they raise up a major civil war.
And I saw a plan, and I saw a snake coming up out of the Gulf of America again.
Okay, go ahead.
You can read it, lover.
"I'm a regular viewer of your live streams, and I am writing because I believe your recent messages were directed specifically at me.
For years, I've been deeply involved in an occult and practiced witchcraft, including for things that I now understand were deeply wrong on a spiritual level.
My studies into the occult and my personal experiences eventually led me to the undeniable conclusion that Jesus truly is the Son of God who died for our sins.
I truly believe it.
Over the last two weeks, I have been praying for guidance on how to be saved and for Jesus to speak directly to me.
During your recent live stream, you mentioned details so shocking and specific to my situation that I knew it was a sign to get my attention.
Tonight, when you called for the occultist watching to recite the prayer to break the spiritual contracts and reject the devil, I followed along.
I am committed to using what I have learned to serve Jesus exclusively, and I want to learn everything I can about him.
Having said the prayer, I would now like to request a Bible to help me on this journey.
" And then we gave him a Bible, and we are excited that he gave his heart to Jesus and we could pray for him.
I was just like, "Wow, it's awesome.
" It's just cool to be a part of somebody's journey.
It's just cool that you all are a part of it with us, praying for the lost.
And I want to say this: I know that the things we said about Bibi offended a lot of people in this last video, being upset about me saying I was anti-Semitism or had antisemitism or whatever.
Folks, I love the Jews.
I am the furthest thing from anti-Semitism ever.
Seriously, I love all races.
I don't care if you're purple with pink polka dots—I love you.
If you're a devil worshiper, if you are a follower of Muhammad, or you like some kind of whatever—if you think you're a girl and you're dressed up as a man with dog ears, I don't care.
You're a human being and I love you.
Do you understand?
So if I'm saying something about it, I don't drink the Kool-Aid concerning certain people when it comes to Bibi or think I'm standing against Israel.
I love Israel.
I pray for Israel all the time.
I want the peace of Jerusalem.
But when I tell you I see something dark behind somebody and I see their life is in danger, and the Lord specifically says there's something concerning this man...
I'm not knocking the man.
I pray for him same as I prayed for Joe Biden.
But I told you, just because I don't agree with everything a government does—just like I love my nation and pray for our nation.
I think America is the greatest place; it's the greatest thing since sliced bread.
America is awesome to me.
I love where we live.
But I cannot back up abortion.
I don't back up homosexuality.
I don't back up the things that I deem dark.
Period.
And I love the Buddhists.
We've led I don't know how many of them to Jesus.
I got 15 Buddhists saved last night—15!
Do you understand?
All glory to Jesus.
But I want you to hear that again: we got 15 Buddhists saved last night.
I don't know anybody else doing that.
If so, I support them, I love them, and we'll pray for them.
But I'm going to tell you: I love every culture, every creed, every color.
I don't care what you look like.
But I'm telling you what I've seen concerning darkness, concerning that man.
So if anybody says I'm bringing antisemitism or anything, you're ignorant.
I'm not trying to stir up anything.
I'm telling you that you need to pray for him because I said his life is in danger.
And I truly believe still to this day his life is in danger.
And what did I say?
Mossad.
I said Mossad will be involved in this.
You said, "Well, Brandon, that's crazy.
" I said, "I heard it.
" I saw Bennett coming back.
I said their plan would be to bring forth Bennett back.
They said, "What does that mean?
" I don't know.
I hear in part, see in part.
But we pray about it.
So I pray for his protection.
I pray for Bibi's protection.
I pray for Trump's protection.
I pray for Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka all the time because I saw the plan for an eye for an eye.
When did I see this?
Back this time last year.
And I said I saw a plan coming against his children to derail his presidency with grief.
And the Lord said this time last year, "You must pray for his sons.
" For I saw, because of Qasem Soleimani and other generals, they were mad about it.
And they said, "We can't get to him, but we'll get to what he loves.
" And I said, "You must pray for his kids.
" So we'll pray for them again tonight and continue to pray for Elon Musk for a radical conversion.
I pray that Elon Musk will be the greatest evangelist ever to hit the planet.
Wouldn't it be amazing to use Starlink to get the gospel throughout the whole world?
He's the richest person in the world to fund the gospel.
It takes finances to get the gospel preached.
And for security for people like me...
you know it, I'm not going to bow down.
And I'm going to say that the Lord said, "Brandon, what I've had you say so far is nothing compared to what I'll have you say in the days ahead.
You're called to say the hard things.
Tell them the things I say, and I'll protect you.
I'll watch out for you.
" Now, I've been advised, "Brandon, you need security.
" I've had huge men say, "Brandon, you need to do this.
You need to do that.
" And we're looking into all that, but do I believe my angels watch over me?
With all my heart.
But because we live in a fallen world and we've got crazy people out there...
Diana and I...
Charlie Kirk, I believe, he believed in the blood of Jesus.
He was a Christian.
But when things got real to me was last year whenever Charlie Kirk went home, and that's when the Lord said, "You've got to do things different.
" And that's fine.
I still believe in the angels—Big George is here.
I still believe in that with all my heart.
But when I have law enforcement and people in my inner circle telling me, "You need protection.
You need these things," that's fine.
Don't go preach in a meeting without having security with you.
That's fine.
Nobody else says what I say.
Nobody.
I think Uebert Angel maybe says some big bold things, but I don't know him that well.
People can try to compete with me.
I guess he's a man in Africa or something.
I don't know.
This guy's like you.
I don't try to be like anybody; I want to be like Jesus.
Where we are in these end times, I know we're about to see some radical things.
As I was praying about the sky, the asteroids, and the signs of the heavens, the Lord said, "I'm bringing a great shaking to awaken the nations, and fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees, such as weather manipulation.
" The CIA has now confessed to it.
Isn't that crazy, folks?
What we pray about is in the news months later.
Aliens now?
Remember I told you, watch for the aliens; they're coming.
They're going to talk about aliens in the days ahead, and everybody is going to be talking about it.
I told you darkness would be on Cuba; I told you this time last year.
Cuba will go dark with cyber warfare and it will be completely blacked out by America's hand, and Cuba will be dark for days.
I saw it was a huge span.
When this happens, there will be other hackers from other nations, China and Russia, that will attack our power grid in America.
There will be cities without power in America.
Remember, the Northeast will be without power for three weeks at a time because they won't be able to get it back on because of what they do to our computer systems.
I saw certain places without power for up to three weeks in America because of cyber warfare.
We're seeing part of it.
The Cuban power grid collapsed, leaving it without electricity for the third time this month.
We prayed over it, and I told you Cuba would go dark, and in the darkness, they will be liberated.
That's what the Lord said: "I will liberate them in the darkness, in the still of the night.
" There was no darkness when I was talking about this, and the Lord said, "I will liberate the people, Brandon," and great revival will come to Cuba.
We're seeing the first phase as they walk the streets, prowling around the youth, burning buildings, and doing things.
We love you all, and we're so thankful that you take it seriously and pray with us.
See this right here?
I said there are missiles.
You can have the footage.
I said there are underground missile silos in Iran, all underneath.
It's not playing in Iran in Iran.
There are miles of them that you could actually drive a train through.
There are tons and tons of these long missiles that look like the size of a bus.
Well, they're admitting it: underground missile cities.
They connect all over the place to each other, and as they feel threatened, they can move them.
I saw chemical warfare.
I got corrected by somebody.
They said, "Brandon, it's not biological.
" I don't have the greatest education, but I'm going to tell you, biological to me is chemical.
I don't mean to confuse anybody.
I saw mustard gas and certain chemical warfare that would be used against the Israeli people in the days ahead if they did not stop it.
I said they spray it out of Damascus, and it is mustard gas.
It looked like anthrax—bad stuff—and it made your skin boil.
I saw it in the mountains in containers.
They're going after their mountains.
I pray that any kind of secret intelligence finds every single one of these weapons of mass destruction in these tunnels.
Look at all that.
This is the stuff I warned you about, what the Lord showed us.
It goes for miles.
Somebody said that's AI.
It doesn't look like AI to me.
It's underneath the mountain just like the Lord showed us.
I think that's it, right?
We have everything today.
What you saw?
I don't remember; I saw they all go together to me.
You saw America, you saw the wall divided, and you saw Nick Shirley.
Pray for Nick Shirley.
I saw an attempt upon him that would try to be successful, like Charlie Kirk but different.
Pray for his food specifically and for his drink.
Pray for Nick Shirley's life.
This is what the Lord's showing: you're being played.
This one young man is uncovering all this darkness.
Why is our government not prosecuting these people if any of this is true?
He finds it and he's exposing it.
Why are we not seeing these people?
Why are these politicians still running free?
Why does Omar still have a job?
He's uncovering all this stuff and he's scared.
He's having to hire security and asking for donations because of the stuff he's uncovering.
Where are our own private investigators in this nation uncovering this stuff?
Why is this young kid doing this?
He's probably twenty-one or twenty-two years old.
Why is he the only one with the alarm bell?
The Lord said, "Political theater is coming on a greater scale.
" The Lord said, "Pray over his food.
" He was wearing the exact same sweatshirt I saw that night.
The Lord said, "Pray over his food and his drinks.
" We will continue to pray for him because I believe with all my heart that if anyone would want to shut up anybody, it would be someone sounding the alarm on corruption.
I told you what he's exposing in these cities is just barely scratching the surface of the stuff that he can see with his eyes.
What's behind closed doors where nobody else can see?
This is the low-hanging fruit.
He's pulling the fruit, saying, "See, I told you," but what about the stuff that you can't see?
The Lord said there's great darkness and great corruption in your nation in both parties, red and blue.
That's why you don't see prosecution; if you expose the blue, you have to expose the red.
Both red and blue are bad.
You have both sides of the aisle, and the corruption is so deep on both sides.
He said great political theater and political drama; that's what the Lord warned us.
They think they're getting away with it now, but all the judgment is coming to a head.
I'm telling you, they're going to stand and give an account for everything they've done.
They think they got away with it, but there will be a day, the Lord said, they will be exposed and brought to justice by His hand.
Maybe not in this life, but they will not escape the judgment seat.
God's going to go, "You thought you got away with it.
" Oh, no.
So you've got this Mamdani.
You saw dark purple all around him.
Darkness all over this man in the East.
The Lord was warning about the shaking that's going to take place in New York.
A major shaking is going to take place in New York.
I saw buildings on fire everywhere, skyscrapers on fire, trash cans, cars, rioting, and all kinds of things.
I saw censorship coming in a greater measure in the days ahead, going clear up into 2028.
Great censorship is coming, a suppression of freedom of speech.
Your First Amendment is going to start to be stripped away in America.
You must pray for President Trump to win the election in 2024.
Midterms?
I've already seen several times that the Senate goes to the Democrats, but I pray against it.
I pray for our House to stay the same and that we would replace judges.
Not only that we would win with a red wave, but we would replace the RINOs in this nation.
Why do we not have the Clarity Act?
Why do we not have that?
You have to be a legal citizen with a voter ID to vote so that they can't steal the elections and they can't rig the elections; they have to make it legal.
Why are we not voting on this?
Why is this even—you know it already passed the House—why is the Senate not wanting this done when we have the votes to get it done?
There's corruption, obviously.
Why are we seeing some of this stuff?
Well, what have we done with the Senate and the House over the last year, going on a year and a half now?
We've done nothing.
We passed one Genesis bill concerning crypto back, whatever it was last August, and people were so excited about it.
Yay, this is the beginning!
But crickets since then.
What is our law?
We can't even...
the TSA, you know, they had to shut down how many flights today because all our TSA agents called in sick today.
They didn't have anyone showing up to work.
So you have lines and lines of people that are going probably a mile long in these airports, going out into the parking garages because we can't get people to go to work because they're not getting paid to have security to make sure we're safe on our flights because our politicians won't pass a budget.
Look at it.
Do you see it?
And yet that's what we're praying for.
But I'm just saying that this is America.
This is absurd.
Insane.
But nobody wants to pass it.
And then they said Elon Musk wants to pay their salary.
And then we had all the Democrats say, 'No, you're undermining what we're trying to do to try to make the Republicans do what we want to do.
' And they're fighting, saying he can't give them the money for free.
And he's like, 'I'll help pay their salary.
They're working for free.
' Would you work for free if you couldn't give your kids food because they don't have money to pay their salaries?
And the lines are stretched down so far, and there's nobody to help check these people in because nobody showed up for work.
So guess what?
Those flights—I pray to God there's safety on those flights.
Is someone not getting screened right?
I don't know.
But I'm going to tell you this: there ain't no way I'd get on a plane right now.
Look at that.
So, not trying to stir up fear.
Just trying to say, 'Hey, look over here as we move over here.
' So, anything else?
Who will stand in the gap?
Who will stand in the gap for America?
Who will pray for America?
Us—me and you.
We're all here tonight to pray for America.
We're going to pray for our President.
We're going to pray for our Vice President.
We're going to pray for the RINOs to be...
yeah.
You saw two lines; I saw two lines.
I don't even know what that was—some kind of lines trying...
yep.
When I see all that, Braden, I go, 'Oh my goodness, you give me all that news.
' And then they're talking about oil and all the stuff in the Strait and the 48 hours and where we're going to be.
That's why I saw the drones.
The Lord said, 'Pray for the drones.
' All these major things, escalation.
A possible meteorite crashed through the roof of a Houston home.
What are the odds of that?
I wonder if that rock's worth something.
Burning through your roof is worse than a hailstone, but then NASA comes and gets it.
Father, we just thank You, Father, for the body.
We thank You, Father, that You've called us for such a time as this.
We're so thankful, Father, as we humble ourselves before You as we pray.
We lift up our families, we lift up this day, this week ahead of us as we get ready to close out March soon.
Thank You, Father, for Your protection and the finances that You provided for this month.
This month has flown by; we're almost to Passover.
We're almost to Easter.
And Father, we thank You for this representation of what You did as we celebrate Good Friday and Easter.
Jesus, You became sick, You became poor, You became all the things that You did for us.
Sin—You took it all for us.
And we're so grateful, Father, that we don't have to bear it in our bodies.
We don't have to take it in our bodies because You took it for us.
And Lord, we thank You, Lord, that we dwell in that secret place of the Most High and we abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
Tonight we will say of the Lord, 'He is our refuge, our fortress, our God; in Him will I trust.
' Surely goodness and mercy will follow us all the days of our life.
We're so grateful, Father, for all that You've done so far through this channel and what You continue to do as we grow beyond a million subscribers, as we reach the nations for You, one soul at a time.
Thank You, Father, for the body that was broken for us.
Thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes we're healed.
Thank You, Lord, for the body, and we take it right now in Jesus' name.
Lord, we take the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Thank You, Lord, for the blood; it never loses its power.
We apply the blood over us.
And we thank You, Father, that we plead the blood of Jesus over us, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of us tonight, from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
I plead the blood over any visions or anything that You would have me to see.
If there is anything, Father, we thank You, Lord, that we're always doing what You ask us to do, flowing by the Spirit of the Lord.
For as many as are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
We are led by the Spirit, and we are filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
And we take this blood right now in the name of Jesus, and we give You all the glory, we give You all the honor, and we give You all the praise.
We make much of that blood in Jesus' mighty name, and we thank You for it.
Amen and amen.
Father, we thank You.
It reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day, it will never lose its power.
We're so grateful.
Thank You, Father, as we start this new week.
We're so grateful that everything we've been believing for has an expiration date.
We believe, Father, that today is the day of the turnaround and what we've been believing for—that we're believing believers.
We're not doubters; we're overcomers.
And we believe that today is the day for a brand new start.
Father, we are fully persuaded that what You've promised, You're able also to perform.
We call those things that be not as though they were right now in the name of Jesus.
We call in the finances; we call in everything that we need.
We speak life over our finances; we speak life over what You put our hands to, that it will prosper.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that we're not under the curse of the law according to Galatians 3:13, that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And I thank You, Father, that everything we put our hands to is prosperous.
I thank You, Lord, that we're led by the Spirit of God.
And Father, whatsoever things we desire when we pray, we believe that we receive them.
We believe we can speak to the mountains if we have the faith of a mustard seed.
We could speak to the mountains and tell them, 'Be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea.
' We believe, Father, that we have mountain-moving faith on the inside of us.
We have mountain-moving faith that we can speak to the mountains in our circumstances and tell them to be removed.
We speak to the things, Father, that ail the people tonight.
We come in agreement that tonight is an expiration date for what they've been believing for concerning their health.
We call them healthy, whole, and well in the name of Jesus, from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
We call them delivered in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank You that where two are touching and agreeing, we're agreeing right now, joining in our agreement, Father, that they're healed and whole and well by the stripes of Jesus tonight.
Father, they have nothing missing, nothing broken; they are delivered from sickness and disease, from diabetes, heart disease, glaucoma, cataracts, high blood pressure, and high blood sugar.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Tonight, all over their bodies, from cancers to growths, tumors, thyroid disorders, and all kinds of autoimmune diseases, we call them healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Cysts on ovaries, growths or polyps in the uterus—we call for healing in the name of Jesus.
Over the colon—polyps in the colon, growths in the colon—we call for healing, wholeness, and wellness in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that their cholesterol is good.
Father, we lack no good thing.
Our knees are good and strong, our elbows, and our joints.
With long life, You will satisfy us and show us Your salvation.
I believe, Father, that our youth is renewed like the eagles', and You fill our mouths with good things.
We thank You, Lord, that according to Deuteronomy 28, everything we put our hands to does prosper.
We are the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
We'll go through and not go under.
We believe, Father, that we are the apple of Your eye.
We thank You, Lord, that we are seated with You in the heavenlies, far above all principalities, powers, and might.
We believe, Father, that we are joint-heirs with Jesus Christ, sons and daughters of the most high God, able to lay hands on the sick, doing the Great Commission, going to all the world, preaching the gospel, laying hands on the sick—and they'll recover—casting out devils, and raising the dead.
I believe, Father, that we are the generation that will not taste death.
We will be the closers of this dispensation of grace.
Father, we'll be the closers of this generation that rise up with a backbone like a crowbar, taking our dominion and authority, rising up as believing believers, laying hands on the sick, casting out devils, and raising the dead, all to the glory of God.
Because all that we say in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God tonight.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Now, Father, we lift up our President tonight, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
I thank You, Lord, that we put angels all around him—angelic aid and assistance.
We thank You, Lord, that there's men and women placed around him who are Holy Ghost fire, tongue-talking, baptized, Holy Ghost-believing Christians that are raised up right now, and that he would listen to the counsel of the godly, that he would yield and know this is of the Lord, that he would not buck it but yield and say, 'I'm going the way of the Father,' because he's hearing You in the middle of the night.
We thank You, Lord, that President Trump hears You and inquires of the Lord just like David.
And when David inquired of the Lord, he never lost a fight; he always inquired of the Lord and was victorious in everything he put his hand to.
So, Father, I thank You, Lord, that President Trump takes no counsel from the ungodly, but just like David, he inquires of You and seeks You; and when he seeks You, he'll find You.
When he knocks, the door will be opened unto him.
I believe, Father, that this is our President whom You've put into power for such a time as this; that You, Father, are raising him up to accomplish the things that You've asked him to do.
Father, I thank You that Cuba is liberated and that they have great revival all throughout Cuba.
We call forth our nation to be protected, over JD Vance.
I thank You, Lord, that JD Vance would be yielded to the Holy Spirit, that he gives counsel that is godly counsel.
With Marco Rubio, we pray around and about him.
There's protection over Don Jr.
, Eric, Ivanka, Tiffany, and Barron.
We call protection over Kai.
We call protection over the family, that there will be no weapon formed against them that shall prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We believe, Father, that Your angels bear them up in their hands, lest they dash their foot against a stone.
The Trump children are protected in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, for all our men and women of service who are in harm's way right now on every aircraft carrier and the boats all around that area.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels are camped around every military base, our submarines, and every drone attack—we call for exposing in Jesus' name.
Over our gas plants and all of our oil refineries here in America, we put angels all around the men and women that work there.
And we thank You, Lord, that they're not in harm's way.
The FBI, Homeland Security, the NSA, and all of our secret departments, Father, would uncover every plot, every plan, and any chatter through Morse code or old military radios.
We call it exposed and brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
Every deciphered code will be broken by super-intelligence; they'll crack the code in Jesus' name, all to Your glory.
We thank You, Lord, for Taiwan.
Father, there's a hedge around Taiwan, that China will not take Taiwan.
We thank You, Lord, that South Korea rises up and they'll have a major revival all throughout South Korea.
Father, we give You praise for it.
Now, Father, Passover is coming on the first, and Father, You said, 'Pray over Passover.
Pray over this timeframe going up until Easter.
' Praying over the Boston Marathon; praying over our nation as it gets together for Easter services all throughout this nation.
We call every plot and every plan over our nation and over Europe—it's not just ours; the Lord said it's not just America.
Brandon, Canada—over Canada, over British Columbia, over Toronto—we call an exposing of every plot and every plan of terrorist activity across the land, specifically over Canada.
We call every plot and every plan over Good Friday services uncovered across the land in Jesus' name.
Over the Good Friday services, all throughout, in New Orleans, Louisiana—it's highlighted big, y'all.
Over every Good Friday service, over lone-wolf attacks with firearms.
I see lone-wolf attack sympathizers from Good Friday all the way through Saturday and Sunday—that three-day window starting with Good Friday and the Passover, going all the way into the fifth.
I see the White House.
I say praying over the White House, praying over Easter egg hunts with these kids across the nation.
But it's not just here.
I see Africa highlighted.
I see attacks from the Muslims in Africa against churches in Africa.
This is like a planned retaliation against Christians and over the Jewish holidays.
Passover is highlighted concerning the Jews, as is Easter on Resurrection Sunday on the 5th.
This window, Good Friday, this first week of April is highlighted big time concerning the Jews and the Christians.
London—and it will start to increase.
A doubling of the birthing pains is coming on the nations.
Concerning Passover, a doubling—you'll see a doubling.
I see it again.
This is concerning the Roman Church, and this is going to be the shaking of the Catholic Church today.
So, a target is the Vatican.
Praying over the Vatican, praying over this area, that every plot, every plan be uncovered and revealed in the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan to be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
It's very, very serious, y'all.
What do we do?
How do you stop it?
Pray over all these temples, over all these synagogues, over these gatherings.
Lord, I ask you to show every single person watching tonight and let them feel the urgency in the air concerning this, that they would keep this at the forefront—praying over this for the next week and a half—that they would keep this in the forefront, praying over Passover, Easter, and Good Friday.
Give them that urgency in their spirit, Oh God, that we would dismantle, disrupt, and expose every plot and plan of the enemy.
It's a stirring.
It's like this demonic freeway, this chatter.
It was in a circle that had some kind of disruption in it.
It was over here in this corner, not able to form a complete ring.
There was something jamming a signal in the circle.
But now the circle is complete.
And I see what was being blocked in a signal; they have now found a way around it to get the signal to the people.
I see a circle that was broken and not able to get the full message, and now I see a circle that has become blue; they are getting a whole message.
It's bypassing through a mountain.
I see this communication that had some kind of jammer in it, and it was not able to make a full circle.
It had a block.
Now they took the jammer and bypassed around it and went to a mountain.
They are communicating to a mountain, and I see snow on the cap of the mountain.
Where they were talking before, it was a broken communication and they weren't able to get the message out.
Now they went out, and it's not a full circle; it deviates out with a round bubble on the side.
Do you know whenever you're in radio frequency, what you hear are lines of static?
I'm trying to describe what I'm looking into: these waves of sound are bouncing and they're going all the way around.
They weren't able to make a complete circle, but now they deviated out and have another place.
They broke the chain of communication that was right here to make a complete circle where there was interference.
So they went around it and now they have a bubble, but they're able to get a complete message.
It's blue and white colors, but they're streams; they look like strings.
And the strings are all moving with frequency as they're going in a circle.
And they bypass it in a tower on a mountain.
I see the mountain very clearly.
It looks like it's in Northern Europe, closer to Russia.
It's up that way.
Where is there snow?
Where are there mountains in Northern Europe?
It goes around in a circle and through America.
It turns but then it bubbles out.
It wouldn't be Ukraine; Ukraine's flat, right?
I can see it deviates to Norway and Sweden, the Scandinavian mountains.
I see snow.
I would say it's like a German installation from World War II times—Hitler.
This is an old radio tower, like a radio beacon, and you see the red light at the top of it coming off of a metal tower.
I see big evergreen pine trees.
They look like old cedar trees to me.
Oh Lord, expose all hidden things.
Every day, everything that is hidden be exposed.
How they're communicating and devising a plan be exposed.
Every plot, every plan across the land be exposed: all over Canada, Italy, England, and all over France.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord, that this tie is broken over the churches, the Catholic churches, and the places of worship.
This is symbolic—it's stealth.
I see one of our stealth bombers, but the Lord is trying to say it's stealth.
How they communicate is stealth.
Over every marathon, over the trucks, over the vans, over the fertilizer across the land, we call on exposing it in Jesus' name.
Every plan, every plant, every get-together in parks, in these egg hunts.
We thank you, Father, in the name of Jesus, for the blood that covers us.
Father, there is no weapon formed against us that will prosper.
Every plot and plan will be brought to naught in the name of Jesus across the land.
All over Australia, Canada, America, and the Vatican.
A great shaking.
It's like D-Day—many 9/11s.
A plotting of many small 9/11s.
I'm telling you, I see a plot and a plan to disrupt the Christians and the Jews, a retaliation on both fronts.
Pray over this time frame, over our President, and over this acceleration of events leading into the 250th anniversary.
Rosh Hashanah on 9/11.
Praying over political theater and a shaking of our nation concerning midterms.
This is a high time all this year.
There are major things to pray about.
But it's not just about America; this is about a worldwide event.
Praying over our churches in Europe, Africa, Mexico, and anybody celebrating Easter, Resurrection Sunday, Good Friday, or Passover.
Do Jewish people have a Passover service?
Do they all get together and have Passover?
Do they have food and celebrate at their synagogue?
Praying over it, Friday.
Yes, so we're praying over that.
It's highlighted.
This is a time of acceleration by double that day on Passover.
An acceleration by double.
You'll see labor pains accelerate by double from this time forward.
You say, Brandon, do you see anything?
I believe we try to stop it.
Now, do you think we'll hear about anything?
I believe we will.
I truly believe I will.
I'm believing there are going to be these lone wolf attacks stopped.
They call it seder.
But this is highlighted big time to me.
Major shakings, and I the Vatican's highlighted concerning Easter, praying over Good Friday.
We thank you, Lord.
We pray over John Hagee's church.
We pray over Joel Osteen's church.
We pray over the river.
We pray over the churches.
These are churches that are standing out to me right now.
Praying over these congregations.
We pray over every church service and we thank you, Father, that we have the victory.
There's no distractions.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit is brought to naught in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord.
We fear God, not man.
Lord, we fear you, not man.
We rise up again, for we thank you, Father, that you protect every person: Baptist, Methodist, Catholic, Episcopal, Church of Christ, Church of God, Church of God, Father, I just believe there's a covering over the churches.
I see it.
They have their eyes closed and they're laying on their back in a sleeping position, and something is about to happen so that their eyes will be opened.
I see them lying on their backs and they're completely asleep, but their eyes are about to be opened.
I see they are awake.
They open their eyes and they get awake.
There's an event that's about to wake up the church.
I see the eyes awake.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that they'll wake up.
It looks like a sleeping giant; it's a man.
It's shaped like a man with a beard, and all of a sudden I see a sleep and I see the eyes open.
The representation is about to open their eyes and it's a waking like an alarm clock's going off.
A spiritual alarm clock is waking up the people.
Are you listening, Braden?
A spiritual alarm clock is about to wake up the people where they all are in church services.
This is a shaking of the nations to open their eyes.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
We thank you for waking up the church.
We thank you, Lord, for waking up the church.
We thank you, Lord, for waking up the bride.
We thank you, Lord, that their eyes will be opened, that Father, the sleeping giant will wake up now.
Shake them awake, Lord.
Shake the church awake.
The remnant, let them wake up in the name of Jesus.
A shaking to awaken.
It's time for the church to wake up.
It's time for them to open their eyes.
Every tribe, every tongue, open your eyes.
Wake up.
We call awakening in the church.
We call awakening of the church in Jesus' name.
It's time for the church to wake up in Jesus' name.
It's time to wake up, church.
Throughout all the services in America, throughout the services in Europe, all throughout Africa, we're calling the church to wake up.
Why does it have to be that something terrible happens for people to wake up?
Why does something like 9/11 have to happen for people to go, "Oh no," just wake up, pray, take your authority.
Why is it that we have a remnant that is awake but the majority all fall back asleep?
The Lord said, "I'm shaking up the church, an acceleration from April 1st on.
" He said it from Rosh Hashanah on the 23rd.
Now he's calling out.
Is that a six-month period?
From the 23rd of September to April 1st.
Is that about a six-month period?
Is that about a half-year span?
Yeah, a little bit over.
So, he keeps calling for an acceleration from the 23rd of September to April 1st.
So, because he said the 23rd shaking, he said it would double.
Now he's saying the first, it's going to double, and he said labor pains are going to intensify on the 23rd of September from Rosh Hashanah to Yom Kippur.
All this time, it's an acceleration now.
Passover's here.
An acceleration.
So I wonder if this is a pattern.
Is that six months?
Seven months?
What is that?
It's a little bit over six months.
Not by much.
I know.
But it's a little over, like two weeks over, three weeks.
Is it almost seven months?
I think it's about a week.
So it's a week over.
It's a six-month period.
So he's calling for an awakening in that time frame.
Boom.
Birthing pains.
Double.
I wonder if it'll be double again.
I wonder if he'll start calling for it on September 11th.
A doubling again.
Double.
Is April 1st to September 11th six months?
It's like a half-year window.
He's calling for a doubling in the birthing pains and things are going to start to escalate.
But I'm seeing a giant waking up out of the sleep on a bed that looks like a hammock, like a cot.
It looks like a plank bed.
You see a little pillow and a little cover, and it's a man with a beard and he's laying with his eyes closed.
All of a sudden, he hears a loud boom commotion and he opens his eyes, and the Lord said, "I'm waking up my bride.
It's time.
" So it was September.
What did you say?
I said April 1st to September 11th.
That's the next period from Passover to Rosh Hashanah.
And so from Rosh Hashanah the 23rd, I believe that was the time frame to September 1st.
I don't remember when Rosh Hashanah was last year.
I believe it was September 23rd.
Well, from April 1st to September 11th is 5 months and 10 days.
So, not quite six months.
So an acceleration, acceleration, acceleration.
And then you said September 23rd to April 1st.
Is that what it was?
Okay.
That was 190 days, which is 6 months and 8 to 9 days.
Huh.
I try to always find patterns with Him, and I know He's not a pattern God.
I mean, I know you always try to put Him in a box and go, "This is what you're doing.
" I wonder what He's doing.
In my mind, I'm trying to figure it out because He's saying acceleration by double on Passover, which is April 1st.
So you're going, "Okay.
" And it's the week of Easter.
Good Friday is that Friday, and He's saying, "Pray over this time frame.
" And I see shaking in the churches, but it's all for the Jews concerning Passover, concerning these attacks on synagogues and things like that, concerning people's safety.
Oh Father, I thank You, Lord, for disruption in their communication.
We call a disruption in their communication.
It's six months to the day today from September 23rd.
Wow.
It's 6 months from today.
Because the 22nd today, so it's 23rd tomorrow.
So it's basically there, because you said September 23rd.
We're just 45 minutes away.
That's exactly six months.
So six months from the day tomorrow, the 23rd.
So it's a six-month window.
We're praying into that window right now to the day within 45 minutes, and that's why He's saying acceleration.
You just can't plan it.
Look at that six-month window acceleration, waking up the church, praying into this time frame, going into the Passover.
He's saying it's time and I see events to wake up and it's specifically concerning Canada.
I am praying about Canada, Toronto, British Columbia, praying over England, praying over this.
And I don't know why Canada is highlighted to me, but concerning Arabs, concerning the churches and praying over Canada's churches, praying over places of worship, synagogues, praying over places of gatherings for Jews for Passover.
This is very, very serious.
Isn't that amazing?
Six months to the day in 45 minutes.
It's interesting to me.
We thank you Lord.
We thank you Lord, Father, for every all this circle of communication to be found out, for the call to armament, for the secret cells, a D-Day.
That's what the Lord called it again.
A D-Day.
A D-Day to activate the cells, calling for armament, for lone wolf attacks.
We need our airport security opened now.
We need our TSA agents back now over our planes and our flights that they'll not miss anything right now, over our school, our public schools, over every public school, elementary, middle school, high school, junior high.
We pray over our private Catholic schools, our private schools, over the children.
We pray a hedge around and about our children.
We pray over our children, over Easter egg hunts and gatherings of church picnics and things that people get together and have fun.
We pray over our families getting together to have fun.
People say that's pagan.
Not everybody believes that stuff.
You know it's interesting how many people there are.
So many divided different things concerning egg hunts and things like that, but there's so many congregations that do it and you pray for them.
You pray for the people having fun and going out and having picnics and doing things.
There's so many people that do things and give out candy and do things, and then you have the group that's pagan.
Everything's pagan.
We don't celebrate Christmas.
We don't celebrate anything.
But then there's some people that do and then they say, "Well, they probably brought it on themselves because they did it.
" People are mean.
But I'm going to tell you, we pray for everybody despite what you believe or what you don't believe.
This is very serious.
It's time to put our petty differences aside.
We've got to come up higher walking in love with people.
You got to stop this.
There's so much bickering and strife.
And where there's strife, there is confusion and every evil work.
And the devil comes in and will kill, steal, and destroy.
You give the devil an inch, he'll take a mile.
And I'm trying to tell you that he's looking for an inroad right now.
And I see a shaking to awaken as we see this political theater and drama in our nations.
This is very serious what I'm seeing tonight.
Mass get-togethers.
And I see a circle that was restored in communication that went out like this, like a bubble, and went around the blockage.
It was a blockage.
So they went around it and now they have full communication and it's under major stealth communication like a B2 bomber.
I see a stealth and the Lord said they're trying to hide it.
We call it uncovered by the FBI, uncovered by Homeland Security, uncovered by local law enforcement that they'll see unusual behavior.
They'll be attentive to unusual behavior.
Our sheriff's departments, they have more jurisdiction than local law enforcement.
Sheriff's Department has the whole county to be attentive for homeland terror, for homegrown terror over our churches and our places of worship from Passover to Easter.
Praying over this window right now.
It's about a seven-day window, isn't it?
Six-day window.
Thank you, Father.
Every plot, every plan we call to naught tonight in Jesus' name.
Across this land, you will not do this.
You will not hurt or harm our synagogues, our churches, our places of worship across the land in Jesus' name in Europe, in Canada, in America, in Africa, anywhere.
But Father, I thank you Lord that the places that highlight to me most are Europe and Canada and America.
Every plot, every plan comes to not across the land.
We will not have it.
We will not allow you to do this.
We take authority over you in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood and we thank you Lord that your word says we wrestle not against flesh and blood.
So the devils inside of these individuals that want to kill, steal, and destroy, we say you will not do it.
And everything you're planning, everything of mass casualties from lone wolf to military planned attack like D-Day.
I say in the name of Jesus across this land, you will be uncovered.
You will not do this.
We thank you Lord.
We thank you, Lord, over every person that's represented here.
We have 7,700 here right now and every person that's rising up with their voice over their church, over their city, over their schools where their kids go to school.
We pray over our areas.
We pray over Australia, over New Zealand, over South Korea, over all the places of worship around this world, Germany and England and Italy.
We thank you Lord, over Rome.
We call an uncovering.
We call the enemy's plans down in Jesus' name.
But it's not just about that.
It's about a shaking of the land.
I see earthquakes.
Major earthquakes.
Father, now the Lord calls forth rain from the north, the south, the east, the west.
We call forth rain over our land.
We break drought.
We call in five inches of rain in Jesus' name.
Rain come forth.
Low pressure system bring the rain out of the Pacific.
We call in that rain over America.
We take authority over drought.
We say drought go now.
We have authority over the rain.
We call in the rain.
We speak to the rain.
We're calling it in right now in Jesus' name.
We call the jet stream to bring forth the rain.
Quit manipulating our weather.
Quit manipulating our streams and our jet streams.
We command in the name of Jesus rain come now in Jesus' name.
Fill our lakes, our ponds, our streams and stop these fires in Jesus' name.
Rain come now.
We take authority over drought.
Over our area, over our land.
We call that rain forth in Jesus' name.
We call those things that be not as they were.
Drought, you're going.
Drought, you have to go.
In Jesus' name, I call Holy Ghost flow of supernatural rain.
Look, and we got to go.
We call that rain forth in Jesus' name.
Drought go.
I see the cloud the size of a man's hand.
I hear the sound of abundance of rain.
I hear the sound of rain in Jesus' name.
We're calling it in.
We're calling it in in Jesus' name.
Rain come now in Jesus' name.
No more drought in the Texas panhandle in Leander, Texas, in El Paso, in Mexico, all over this area.
We call in the rain, over Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Dallas-Fort Worth.
Rain come now.
Oklahoma City, rain come now.
Kansas City, Missouri, rain come now.
Nebraska, rain come now in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank you Lord.
Rain come.
We speak to the atmosphere.
Breakthrough.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
We call it in.
We call the breakthrough over our land for protection over our services across the land.
You believe that?
It's time.
It's time for the remnant to rise up and the Father says that we'll have great revival and the wells are uncapped and we're drinking from the well.
We're drinking from the rain.
We're drinking from that new rain for he has long patience for the harvest.
He's not out of patience.
He's out of time.
We're out of time.
It's time for the harvest.
We're calling it in right now across the land.
Holy Ghost fire across the land.
Holy Ghost and fire across the land.
A great revival across the land.
A great Holy Ghost and fire across the land.
Rain come now in Jesus name.
Across the land.
Thank you Lord.
Hallelujah.
Do you believe that?
It's time for not just a natural rain but a former and the latter rain together.
Can these bones live?
A major outpouring of the spirit of God across this land.
We thank you Lord.
Father, we thank you for starting a new week.
We're expecting great things this week.
We're expecting a mighty blessings on this week that what the devil had in store, God, you just wrecked his plans.
You just wrecked his plans.
Every plot, every plan of the devil, we wreck his plans.
He can't do it.
He can't fulfill what he's trying to do because the glory of the Lord is risen upon us, and the glory of the Lord is risen on me and you, Father.
I thank you, Lord.
Greater works will we do.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for it's a good week ahead of us.
Thank you, Jesus.
Breakthrough.
We call that breakthrough.
This will be a wonderful week.
Thank you, Father.
I'm just telling you it's a pivotal week.
This is a pivotal week going into the next week.
Next is Passover on Wednesday of next week.
It's the beginning of major weeks ahead.
This is a time frame.
Praying.
I believe it's next Wednesday.
Passover is on April 1st.
I know that, but is that Wednesday?
April 1st is Wednesday.
Yeah, Wednesday.
So, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday is Good Friday, Saturday, and Sunday services for Easter.
So, from Passover to there, it's just that window, but praying.
So, we only have a week or some odd days, 10 days or whatever it is, it's not that far.
It'll go quick.
We have to pray over that this week.
We'll keep continuing to hit this.
It's not just a one and done.
I don't feel that.
Pray, pray, pray, church.
So, we'll continue to pray.
We still got a lot of time left.
So, you can get a lot done in a week.
You can get a lot done tonight.
I feel we've shifted this thing, but I'm going It's like when you see roadkill, you make it a greasy spot.
You don't just hit it once.
It's like when cars go over and over, it makes it a greasy spot.
We're gonna run that devil over until he's a greasy spot.
And then we back it up and we run him over again.
We're going to make him a greasy spot when it comes to this.
That we will have Holy Ghost revival and whatever he had planned, it's going to backfire and a great glorious church is going to rise and church is waking up and by Pentecostal Sunday, Acts chapter 2, Sunday, Pentecostal reign.
Just think where we'll be.
That's, you know, I don't remember what day that's on a little after, but it's probably going to be in May, end of May.
So, praise God.
May 24th.
Yep.
Pentecost Sunday.
Hallelujah.
Well, I'm glad I showed up tonight.
Are you?
We never want to end a broadcast without giving you the opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
If you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus to be your savior and we're here and we're praying over all these major things and we know where we are in the signs of the times.
The Lord said he's accelerating things as we are getting ready to cross over into the six-month window of what he told us last time.
I don't want you to go tonight or go another day without knowing and have your blessed assurance of knowing that Jesus Christ is your Lord and Savior.
I want you to tonight sell out.
You're running out of time.
We're in the most serious times this world has ever seen before.
But all of it, the importance of having Jesus.
Everything that I've talked about tonight, who cares?
Who cares if you don't know Jesus?
So, if you're here tonight, there might just be a couple of you, but if you're here tonight and you tell me, Brandon, I don't know Jesus.
If I was to die tonight, I don't know where I would spend eternity.
Here it is really late.
You're getting ready to go into a new week.
Start your week off right by making a change.
Monday's here, but I want you to just say a simple prayer with me.
I won't keep you very much longer.
Just say a simple prayer with me and ask Jesus to be your Lord and personal savior.
I'm just going to say a simple little prayer.
But tonight's your night for a turnaround.
Tonight's your night to change the way you've been doing things.
Go into this beautiful Easter season, a new creature, a new creature created in Christ Jesus.
So, I'm just going to say a simple prayer for you right now.
And I want you to repeat it after me.
Say, Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, as of today, as of tonight, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on what I used to do is what I'm talking about.
The sin, the devil.
I turn my back on it.
And from this day forward, I'm all in.
Jesus, I give my life to you.
Jesus, I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
And from this day forward, I'll serve you with all my heart.
Thank you that you have forgiven me.
Thank you that your word says if I confess my sins, he is faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
And I thank you that today if I was to die, Lord, I'll be with you in paradise from this day forward.
I'm sold out to you.
I'll help you bring in the greatest harvest.
For I was once lost, but today now I'm found.
I was blind but now I see.
Amazing grace.
I believe if you just said that prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
It doesn't have to be something all hyperspiritual and religious.
It's just something out from the heart.
And if you said it, welcome to the family.
What do you do now?
I would find a Bible-believing church.
I would find a church that teaches the Bible.
And I would where Diana and I would go, we would go to a non-denominational church.
We would find a church that preaches the word, get plugged in there, go to prayer, go get there on services, get excited about things, read your Bible every single day, and come here and pray with us.
And that basically it's you're a work in progress just like all of us.
We all are ex-sinners here.
But I'm going to tell you, I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I was blind, but now I see.
I see that Jesus loves me just like how you see.
He loves you right now, too.
Now, if you don't have a Bible, we'll buy you your first Bible.
My wife and I would love to buy you your first Bible absolutely for free.
You just email us in the description down below and just tell us in the headline.
What do you want them to say?
I need a Bible or I don't know, whatever you I want a Bible.
I need a Bible.
and Diana will send it to you.
She's caught up almost, right?
You got been She's been working hard on all of it.
And so we want you to get your Bible as soon as possible.
So just email us in the description below.
Tell us if in America or in military bases.
Yeah, we in America, anywhere within America and like APO, FPO, that's all military bases and United States territories.
United States territories.
So, we're just excited you're here tonight.
And if you just said that prayer and you want our Bible, you just email us down in the description down below.
Follow us on X in the description down below.
Follow us on Facebook, on Instagram, on Tik Tok, all of it.
It's all in the description down below.
There's a lot of imitators.
There's a lot of people using AI saying I said certain things now.
I didn't realize it was a thing, but they're doing it to other ministries also.
So, we're excited that you know that people find it obviously that they're the part that they're going, "Hey, we believe they're authentic enough that they want to copy them, but we will strike your channel if we see you copying our stuff.
There are so many people trying to scam others, and we are not doing that.
We are not going to allow that to happen anymore.
We are trying very hard to go through all the ones that YouTube notifies us about, but it takes time.
We are the only authentic channel right here that has Brandon Biggs and Diana.
We are so thankful that you are here tonight.
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and to all 34 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome to the family.
34 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
Diana, that is exciting.
Isn't that exciting?
Welcome home.
We are excited you said the prayer you will ever make in your whole life out of 7,734 people.
That is wonderful.
We are excited you are here, so please stick around.
Like, subscribe, and come pray with us again.
We have a lot of work to do.
This is not a one-and-done, folks.
We have to keep praying and keep believing, and the Lord will show us that which is to come as he always has.
We believe that we have power and authority to stop things by the blood of Jesus.
Every single one of us has been joined here for such a time as this; many hands make light work.
We believe when there are 7,700, look what we are.
We are like one of those icebreakers; we are just going through and wreaking havoc in the devil's kingdom.
We are excited that you are taking this seriously and praying with us.
I know it is late, so we will let you go.
Thank you for being here.
Wasn't that wonderful?
I felt like we accomplished a lot.
We pushed a lot.
That was a lot.
It is just the beginning of a week.
We will be here again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all.
Have a good night.